. Andrew Brandon

SOFTWARE ENGINEER

CONTACT

&% info@resumekraft.com

Q 202-555-0120

9 Chicago, Illinois, US

in linkedin.com/resumekraft

LANGUAGES

English
French
Arabic
German

INTERESTS

Football
Cricket
Travelling

Computer Games

EDUCATION

MBA-IT

San Jose State University
Jun 2016 - Jun 2018
Specialization in
Dtawarehousing and Business
Intelligence

B.E in Computer
Engineering
Northeastern University
Jul 2009 - Jun 2015

SUMMARY

MBA-IT graduate with almost 2 years of experience in supporting and
enhancing business solution software. Aiming to utilize my strong technical
and analytical skills to achieve goals of the organization.

SKILLS

MS SQL Server 2000 Software Documentation
SSE Say
Software Development Life Cycle. Software testing
Saas SSS
Agile SCRUM Methodology. Data collection and analysis
| —
EXPERIENCE

Software Engineer
Yardi Software India Private Limited Jan 2018 - Present

Understood and analysed client's requirements, project execution in
effective way by communicating with counter parts and helping
technical team for understanding requirement.

Gathered and Documented client requirements for product
enhancement and implementation.

Prepared various project documents like Functional Requirement
Document (FRD), Software Requirement Specification (SRS), Business
Requirement Document (BRD), Stakeholder Management and Minutes
of Meeting in an understandable manner.

Conducted 4+ levels of testing including functional, regression, user
acceptance, and performance to verify client's needs are met.
Possess knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Agile
SCRUM Methodology.

Worked on integration of Microsoft SharePoint with Voyager (Yardi
Product) using PowerShell scripting.

Worked on SSRS reports, modification in SSRS reports to meet client
needs.

e@ Worked on SQL queries.
e Provided input in developing and modifying systems to meet client

needs.

Collaborated with cross-functional development team members to
analyse potential system solutions based on evolving client
requirements.

Conducted regression testing, analysed results and submitted
observations to development team.

Worked with project managers, developers, quality assurance to resolve
technical issues.

Partnered with team members, including Manager and Team Lead to
maximize productive time of CSD employees (Improved up to 3.12%).
Improved system performance by making proactive adjustments and
resolving bugs.

Reviewed requirements, specifications and technical design documents
